// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity >= 0.4.15;

contract StudentData{
    struct Student{
        int s_id;
        string name;
        string department;
    }
    Student[] students;

    function add_student(int s_id,string memory name,string memory department) public {
        Student memory stud=Student(s_id,name,department);
        students.push(stud);
    }
    function getStudent(int s_id) public view returns(string memory,string memory){
        for(uint i=0;i<students.length;i++){
            Student memory stud=students[i];
            if(stud.s_id==s_id){
                return(stud.name,stud.department);
            }
        }
        return("Name Not Found","Department Not Found");
    }
}


// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity >= 0.4.16 < 0.9.0;
contract BankAccount{
    address public owner;
    uint256 public balance;
    constructor(address _owner){
        owner=_owner;
        balance=0;
    }
    modifier onlyOwner{
        require(msg.sender==owner,"Only Owner Can call this function");
        _;
    }

    function deposit(uint256 amount) public onlyOwner{
        balance+=amount;
    }
    function withdraw(uint256 amount) public onlyOwner{
        require(balance>=amount,"Insufficeint Fund");
        balance-=amount;
    }
    function showbalance() public view returns(uint256){
        return balance;
    }
}


Case Study: IBM Food Trust - Transforming the Food Supply Chain with Blockchain

Introduction:
IBM Food Trust is a pioneering blockchain-based application that aims to enhance transparency, traceability, and overall food safety in the global food supply chain. Launched by IBM in collaboration with various partners, this case study explores how IBM Food Trust has made significant strides in revolutionizing the way food is tracked, traced, and managed, thereby ensuring consumer safety and reducing inefficiencies in the food industry.

Background:
The food supply chain is a complex network involving multiple stakeholders, including farmers, processors, distributors, retailers, and consumers. Ensuring the safety and quality of food products has been a long-standing challenge due to issues such as foodborne illnesses, product recalls, and fraud. Traditional supply chain tracking methods often lack transparency, and it can be challenging to pinpoint the source of contamination or fraudulent practices.

IBM Food Trust is built on a permissioned blockchain framework and was created to address these challenges by providing a secure, immutable, and transparent platform for tracking and tracing food products.

Key Objectives:

1. Enhance Transparency: IBM Food Trust's primary goal is to increase transparency throughout the food supply chain. It allows participants to access real-time information about food products, including their origin, processing, and distribution.

2. Improve Traceability: By recording each step of the food supply chain on the blockchain, it becomes easier to trace the source of any issues, such as contamination or spoilage. This can lead to faster and more precise recalls, reducing the impact on consumers and the industry.

3. Ensure Food Safety: With the ability to trace food items back to their source, the system enables faster identification and containment of food safety issues, ultimately reducing the risk of foodborne illnesses.

Case Study Details:

1. Participants: IBM Food Trust has enlisted numerous participants in its network, including major food companies, retailers, and suppliers. Notable participants include Walmart, Nestlé, Tyson Foods, Dole, and Carrefour, among others.

2. Transparency and Traceability: Each participant in the supply chain records relevant information about food products on the blockchain, such as the origin of ingredients, processing conditions, and shipping details. This information is then made accessible to authorized parties, including consumers, ensuring end-to-end visibility.

3. Improved Recall Management: When a potential issue is identified, the blockchain enables a faster and more accurate recall process. In 2018, Walmart conducted a successful test in which they traced the origin of sliced mangoes in seconds, compared to days using traditional methods.

4. Fraud Prevention: The immutability of blockchain records deters fraudulent activities, such as counterfeit goods or false labeling. This helps protect the integrity of food products and brands.

5. Consumer Engagement: Consumers can access detailed information about the products they purchase by scanning a QR code on the packaging. This empowers consumers to make informed choices and builds trust in the food industry.

Results and Impact:

IBM Food Trust has already demonstrated substantial benefits in the food supply chain:

- Faster recalls: Significant reduction in the time required to identify and recall contaminated or unsafe products.
- Enhanced trust: Improved consumer trust in the food they purchase, leading to increased sales for participating companies.
- Decreased food waste: By allowing more accurate tracking of food items, less food is wasted, which benefits both the environment and the bottom line.
- Prevention of fraud: Counterfeit and fraudulent products are deterred through the transparent and immutable nature of blockchain.

Conclusion:

IBM Food Trust showcases the transformative potential of blockchain technology in revolutionizing the food supply chain. By offering transparency, traceability, and enhanced food safety, it addresses long-standing issues in the industry, benefiting both businesses and consumers. As blockchain technology continues to evolve and gain wider adoption, it is likely that similar applications will emerge in other sectors, delivering improvements in various aspects of supply chain management and beyond.





Survey Report on Types of Blockchains

[Note: This survey report provides an overview of the various types of blockchains as of my last knowledge update in January 2022. Since the blockchain space is constantly evolving, it is advisable to verify the latest developments and trends.]

Introduction:
Blockchains have emerged as a revolutionary technology with applications across multiple industries. They are decentralized and immutable ledgers that record transactions in a secure and transparent manner. While the concept of blockchain is consistent, there are several different types of blockchains, each with its own characteristics and use cases. This survey report aims to provide an overview of these different types.

1. Public Blockchains:
   Public blockchains are open to anyone and are often referred to as permissionless blockchains. These are decentralized networks where participants can join and interact without needing approval. Examples of public blockchains include Bitcoin and Ethereum. They are typically used for cryptocurrency transactions, smart contracts, and a wide range of decentralized applications (DApps).

2. Private Blockchains:
   Private blockchains are permissioned and restricted to a select group of participants. These networks are often used by businesses for internal purposes, such as supply chain management or record-keeping. Participants are typically known and trusted entities. Examples of private blockchains include Hyperledger Fabric and Corda.

3. Consortium Blockchains:
   Consortium blockchains are a hybrid between public and private blockchains. They are operated by a group of organizations that collectively control the network. These organizations work together to maintain and validate transactions. Consortium blockchains are often used in industries where multiple entities need to collaborate while maintaining some level of control and privacy.

4. Hybrid Blockchains:
   Hybrid blockchains combine elements of both public and private blockchains. These networks allow for public participation and transparency while also offering private channels for specific transactions. The goal is to strike a balance between decentralization and control. Examples of hybrid blockchains include Aion and Dragonchain.

5. Permissioned Blockchains:
   Permissioned blockchains restrict who can participate and validate transactions. They are commonly used in enterprise settings where strict access control and data privacy are paramount. Permissioned blockchains provide the benefits of blockchain technology without the openness of public blockchains.

6. Sidechains:
   Sidechains are auxiliary blockchains that are connected to a primary blockchain (mainchain). They enable the transfer of assets and data between the mainchain and the sidechain, allowing for scalability and customization without compromising the security of the primary blockchain. RSK and Liquid are examples of sidechains.

7. Federated Blockchains:
   Federated blockchains are maintained by a consortium of organizations rather than a decentralized network of miners. These organizations work together to validate transactions, making it a suitable option for industries that require high performance and data privacy.

8. Multi-Chain Blockchains:
   Multi-chain blockchains, like Polkadot and Cosmos, aim to provide interoperability between different blockchains. They connect multiple blockchains and allow them to communicate and share data. This approach fosters scalability and collaboration among various blockchain networks.

Conclusion:
The blockchain ecosystem is diverse, offering various types of blockchains to cater to different needs and use cases. The choice of blockchain type depends on factors like the level of decentralization, scalability requirements, security, and access control. As blockchain technology continues to evolve, it is essential for organizations to assess their specific requirements and select the most suitable blockchain type for their applications. Stay updated with the latest developments in the blockchain space, as new types and innovations are continually emerging.